Description: Gosling figure with title: 'Matrix Visualization'. The subtitle reads: 'Comparison of Micro-C and Hi-C for HFFc6 Cells'. There are 7 subfigures. All subfigures are arranged horizontally. The displayed genome is undefined. Not all data is from the same source. Sources are numbered. Subfigure 0 is an overlayed plot (with 3 tracks). Gosling's automatic text generation currently doesn't support overlayed plots. Subfigure 1 is an overlayed plot (with 3 tracks). Gosling's automatic text generation currently doesn't support overlayed plots. Subfigure 2 shows a plot marked with bar. Data is from source 1. The genomic field 'xs' is shown on the x-axis. The x-axis is not shown. The genomic field 'xe' is shown on the xe-axis. The genomic field 'ys' is shown on the y-axis. The y-axis is not shown. The genomic field 'ye' is shown on the ye-axis. The quantitative field 'value' is shown on the color-axis. Subfigure 3 shows a bar chart. Data is from source 2. Data is binned in intervals of 2048 bp. The 15 different samples shown are: Active TSS, Flanking Active TSS, Transcr at gene 5\' and 3\', Strong transcription, Weak transcription, Genic enhancers, Enhancers, ZNF genes & repeats, Heterochromatin, Bivalent/Poised TSS, Flanking Bivalent TSS/Enh, Bivalent Enhancer, Repressed PolyComb, Weak Repressed PolyComb and Quiescent/Low. The genomic field 'start' is shown on the x-axis. The x-axis is not shown. The genomic field 'end' is shown on the xe-axis. The quantitative field 'value' is shown on the y-axis. The y-axis is not shown. The nominal field 'category' is shown on the color-axis. Subfigure 4 is an overlayed plot (with 3 tracks). Gosling's automatic text generation currently doesn't support overlayed plots. Subfigure 5 shows a plot marked with bar. Data is from source 3. The genomic field 'xs' is shown on the x-axis. The x-axis is not shown. The genomic field 'xe' is shown on the xe-axis. The genomic field 'ys' is shown on the y-axis. The y-axis is not shown. The genomic field 'ye' is shown on the ye-axis. The quantitative field 'value' is shown on the color-axis. Subfigure 6 shows a bar chart. Data is from source 2. Data is binned in intervals of 2048 bp. The 15 different samples shown are: Active TSS, Flanking Active TSS, Transcr at gene 5\' and 3\', Strong transcription, Weak transcription, Genic enhancers, Enhancers, ZNF genes & repeats, Heterochromatin, Bivalent/Poised TSS, Flanking Bivalent TSS/Enh, Bivalent Enhancer, Repressed PolyComb, Weak Repressed PolyComb and Quiescent/Low. The genomic field 'start' is shown on the x-axis. The x-axis is not shown. The genomic field 'end' is shown on the xe-axis. The quantitative field 'value' is shown on the y-axis. The y-axis is not shown. The nominal field 'category' is shown on the color-axis.